fix(html): mention that table cell styles are painted over column styles (#30830)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/table/index.md

> **Note:** While no HTML specification includes `height` as a `<table>` attribute, some browsers support a non-standard interpretation of `height`. The unitless value sets a minimum absolute height in pixels. If set as a percent value, the minimum table height will be relative to the height of the parent container.

## Visual layout of table contents

Following elements are part of the table structure:

- {{HTMLElement("caption")}}
- {{HTMLElement("thead")}}
- {{HTMLElement("colgroup")}}
- {{HTMLElement("col")}}
- {{HTMLElement("th")}}
- {{HTMLElement("tbody")}}
- {{HTMLElement("tr")}}
- {{HTMLElement("td")}}
- {{HTMLElement("tfoot")}}

> Table box establishes table formatting context. Elements inside table generate rectangular boxes. Each box occupies a number of table cells according to following rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<table>` box establishes a table formatting context. Elements inside the `<table>` generate rectangular boxes. Each box occupies a number of table cells according to the following rules:
```

> 1. The row boxes fill the table from top to bottom in the order they occur in source code. Each row box occupies one row of cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The row boxes fill the table in the source code order from top to bottom. Each row box occupies one row of cells.
```

2. A row group box occupies one or more row boxes.

> 3. Column boxes are placed next to each other in the order they occur in source code. Depending on the value of [`dir`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/dir) attribute, the columns are laid in left to right or right to left direction. A column box occupies one or more columns of table cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Column boxes are placed next to each other in source code order. Depending on the value of the [`dir`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/dir) attribute, the columns are laid in left-to-right or right-to-left direction. A column box occupies one or more columns of table cells.
```

4. A column group box occupies one or more column boxes.

> 5. A cell box may span over multiple rows and columns. User agents trim cells to fit in available number of rows and columns. Table cells do have padding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. A cell box may span over multiple rows and columns. User agents trim cells to fit in the available number of rows and columns. 
```

> These boxes inside a table do not have margins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Table cells do have padding. Boxes that make up a table do not have margins.
```
